README.md, before:

# Bad Idea AI

[![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/node->=18-green)](https://nodejs.org)
[![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://prettier.io)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-Discussions-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/MrLightspeed/Bad-Idea-AI/discussions)

A meme-worthy experiment that combines blockchain, artificial intelligence and Decentralization.

## Table of Contents

- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Why Bad Idea AI?](#why-bad-idea-ai)
- [ERC-20 Compliance](#erc-20-compliance)
- [Solidity Code Safety](#solidity-code-safety)
- [Community](#community)
- [Release Notes](#release-notes)
- [Listings](#listings)
- [License](#license)

## Why Bad Idea AI?

This project serves a unique purpose in the intersection of AI, blockchain and social experiments. It is designed to test whether AI can work alongside humans to lead society into a new golden age or result in a dystopian future.

## ERC-20 Compliance

- **Token Name**: BAD IDEA AI
- **Symbol**: BAD
- **Initial Supply**: 831,041,059,897,327.3110117
- **Decimals**: 18
- **Smart Contract Features**: The token is burnable, allowing token holders to destroy their tokens.
- **Contract Address**: [0x32b86b99441480a7e5bd3a26c124ec2373e3f015](https://etherscan.io/address/0x32b86b99441480a7e5bd3a26c124ec2373e3f015)
- **Interactions**: Standard ERC-20 interactions including transferring and burning of tokens. Minting is only possible during the deployment phase.
- **Solidity Version**: 0.8.7

## Solidity Code Safety

The contract uses OpenZeppelin libraries and has been audited by [Certik](https://skynet.certik.com/projects/bad-idea). It aced 73 of 73 properties with one informational note about large numbers. See the full [Bad Idea AI Certik Audit](Bad%20Idea%20AI%20Certik%20Audit.pdf).

## Community

- 🌐 [badidea.ai](https://badidea.ai)
- 📰 [badideas.ai](https://badideas.ai)
- 👥 [Telegram Group](https://t.me/badideaai)
- 📢 [Announcements](https://t.me/Bad_Idea_AI)

## Release Notes

- [AI Chatbot Release Notes](BADIDEAAI_Release_Notes.md)

## Listings

- [Listings](LISTINGS.md)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: refresh badges and add live updates (#20)

README.md, after:

# Bad Idea AI

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.12-blue)](https://www.python.org)
[![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://prettier.io)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-Discussions-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/MrLightspeed/Bad-Idea-AI/discussions)
[![Changelog](https://img.shields.io/badge/CHANGELOG-md-blue)](CHANGELOG.md)

A meme-worthy experiment that combines blockchain, artificial intelligence and Decentralization.

## Table of Contents

- [Why Bad Idea AI?](#why-bad-idea-ai)
- [ERC-20 Compliance](#erc-20-compliance)
- [Solidity Code Safety](#solidity-code-safety)
- [Community](#community)
- [Live Updates](#live-updates)
- [Release Notes](#release-notes)
- [Listings](#listings)
- [License](#license)

## Why Bad Idea AI?

This project serves a unique purpose in the intersection of AI, blockchain and social experiments. It is designed to test whether AI can work alongside humans to lead society into a new golden age or result in a dystopian future.

## ERC-20 Compliance

- **Token Name**: BAD IDEA AI
- **Symbol**: BAD
- **Initial Supply**: 831,041,059,897,327.3110117
- **Decimals**: 18
- **Smart Contract Features**: The token is burnable, allowing token holders to destroy their tokens.
- **Contract Address**: [0x32b86b99441480a7e5bd3a26c124ec2373e3f015](https://etherscan.io/address/0x32b86b99441480a7e5bd3a26c124ec2373e3f015)
- **Interactions**: Standard ERC-20 interactions including transferring and burning of tokens. Minting is only possible during the deployment phase.
- **Solidity Version**: 0.8.7

## Solidity Code Safety

The contract uses OpenZeppelin libraries and has been audited by [Certik](https://skynet.certik.com/projects/bad-idea). It aced 73 of 73 properties with one informational note about large numbers. See the full [Bad Idea AI Certik Audit](Bad%20Idea%20AI%20Certik%20Audit.pdf).

## Community

- 🌐 [badidea.ai](https://badidea.ai)
- 📰 [badideas.ai](https://badideas.ai)
- 👥 [Telegram Group](https://t.me/badideaai)
- 📢 [Announcements](https://t.me/Bad_Idea_AI)

## Live Updates

We regularly push improvements to keep BAD IDEA AI running smoothly. For a deeper technical breakdown of recent changes, see the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md).

## Release Notes

- [AI Chatbot Release Notes](BADIDEAAI_Release_Notes.md)

## Listings

- [Listings](LISTINGS.md)

## License

MIT
